withdraw
Brother Tu, you are here
Who hit you?
Get out of here
It's him you hit my brother
I suggest you leave as soon as possible
Otherwise, you'll be beaten later
What did you say you're going to hit me
Did you hear that?
He said he was going to beat me
Dong Jie, what's his background?
Why so ignorant
He is the wife of our Li family
After being kicked out of the Li family
Been selling fried noodles on the street
Then it's no wonder
A fried powder seller doesn't know my name
He also said such words that violated the ancestral teaching
Understandable
Now.
I will formally introduce myself to you
My surname is picture name, picture one mark.
Chasing pigs as a child
When you grow up, you chase people and cut them.
So Jianghu people gave me a nickname
butcher
And I started a gang called Axes.
I can show you.
Did you see it?
Quests called Axe are dyed red
And you know why?
Too many people were cut
It's all blood
Mr. Li, I really can't take it anymore
Roll yourself